Todo:

User friendlyness!!

X Create single app to start proxy + router

X Use UDP mcast to find local routers

X Merge bouncer into proxy 
    
X  Proxy should retry connecting to unreachable proxies (may be passed 
   by user and not ready yet).  

X Add STUN support to DirectFactory to find external address. 

X Support multiple servers for STUN

X Make sure STUN doesn't take too long ...

  Allow STUN on a specific network instead of automatically using all.

X Add TCP splicing to Virtual  

X Add cache to Virtual which remembers best connection setup order 

X Add user readable name to proxy to make visualization easier to read

  Add hierarchical clustering 
        -- eg. 'das2.vu' or 'grid5000.orsay'

  Fix 'winner' cache 
	- add cluster based caching
        - check how the connection properties interact with serversockets 
          (e.g., what happens to reverse setups when I turn winner cache on) 
   
  Reuses inter router links ? 

  Add parallel streams to routers ?  

  Fix hub to only accept connections from the 'right' virtual clusters 
     (currently it only replies to the right cluster with UDP mcast, but accepts
      any connection).
 
  Create Factory for service links 

  Check if timeouts make any sense....
  
  Icing on cake: have the VirtualSocket transparently move from Routed 
                  to splice/stun type connection....


X NIO support

X Routing for Mathijs...

  UDP support for Niels

X Check if the UDP mcast discovery works on DAS3.. 

? Check if client info is propagated correctly in proxies ...

Think about: 

X Find a way to get MAC addresses...

  When only a partial address is known, direct connections are no problem. 
  Sending messages through the proxies fails, however, since the complete 
  address is required to find the machine... 

  Smart idea: (IS THIS TRUE) ????    
      If there is no shared third point between two machines, then splicing 
      will never work because the networks are not directly connected.

  Machine may have multiple external addresses (multiple networks, each with NAT) ?

  Add ssh tunneling to DirectSocketFactory ? 
    - How do you known where to tunnel to ? 

X Think of smart way to use bouncers ? -> replaced by STUN

X Add UDP/STUN like module to Virtual ? -> using STUN directly  

  Cache info in servicelink instances ? 

X  Have multiple instances of VirtualSocketFactory based on properties ?
     
  Web interface to proxies to make it easier to add addresses ? 

  Make up unique ID for machines that only have local IP's (UUID ?)

  Add parallel streams (where ? Direct or Virtual or just Routers ?) 

  Add support for multiple proxy addresses to VirtualSocketFactory ?

  
